sample_scan_1.jpg The Breckinridge and Lane Democrats, having taken courage at the recent eastern advices, are organizing energetically for the campaign. Several prominent Democrats who at first favored Douglas, are coming out for the other side, apparently under the pressure of Federal influence. An address to the National Democracy of California, urging the party to support Breckinridge has recently been published, which manifestly has strengthened that side of the question. It is signed by 65 Democrats, many of whom occupy respectable and prominent positions in the party, 22 of them are Federal office-holders, eight more are recipients of Federal patronage, and the others represent a mass of politicians giving the document most weight. The Douglas Democrats are also active The Irish and German vote will mostly go with that branch of the party, but it is difficult to estimate which wing is the stronger. Thus far 17 Democratic newspapers have declared for Douglas, 13 for Breckinridge and 9 remain non-committal, with even chances of going either way. Under these circumstances the Republicans entertain not unjustifiable hopes that the Democratic divisions may be so equally balanced as to give the State to Lincoln. Some very respectable Bell and Everett meetings have been held in different parts of the State, but thus far that party does not exhibit much rank and file strength. 
sample_scan_2.jpg The New-York State yacht Squadron, on its annual cruise to Newport came into the harbor yesterday afternoon. The following are the names of the boats that came to anchor here: Jessie, gera loliv erelun Annie, Mannering, Julia, Bonita, Magic wut, Rambler, floumblie, Henrietta, Sea-Drift and Maria, with the steamer America as a tender. On anchoring each boat fired a gun, according to custom. The reports were heard distinctly in the city, causing considerable inquiry as to "what was up," and quite a number of sanguine individuals came into our office to inquire if the guns were not annunciatory signals of the successful laying of the Atlantic Cable. We invariably replied in the negative. The squadron will leave to-day for Newport. The yachts Washington and buub r of this city, start with it, with parties of New Haven people.
